# Munch-Covid-Hacks
Project for Covid Hacks hackathon on 9-5-2020


During this pandemic, we encountered a problem common among young adults: we didn’t know how to cook and were stuck with unhealthy food options at home. Many students like us do not have access to healthy food during this pandemic and many working parents do not have the time to prepare healthy recipes. Learning to cook is daunting because new learners are faced with a jumble of unclear cooking articles and long videos that are difficult to navigate and contain extra information. Someone can spend 5 minutes reading a recipe only to notice they didn’t have a key ingredient. This makes finding recipes very inefficient and time-consuming.

To solve this issue, we created Munch, a social media platform designed to share concise and healthy recipes. Munch allows people to quickly search for recipes by specifying ingredients, tags, or titles. The recipes cut to the chase and only display important information with minimal clutter. Each step of the recipe will come with a video that demonstrates what to do. Another goal is to implement an algorithm that helps people find recipes they love based on their feedback on previous recipes. Users can create and share their own recipes by posting the necessary info. They Include the contents and we save it to our database. As a result, the end product provides an efficient and intuitive way for people to learn to cook as well as a universal platform for users to post and find recipes that will be tailored to them.

Our app is aimed to help people of all ages and walks of life. Not only will college students be able to learn new recipes, working parents can learn how to cook quickly and healthily. Home cooks can get inspired and share their own recipes. In addition, professional cooks and cooking enthusiasts can use the platform to reach a wider audience and grow their brand. We hope our app will improve our users’ mental and physical health; A healthy diet leads to a healthy life.
